Introduction
------------

lfpkg is the Leapfrog package handler program.  It is capable of creating,
installing, validating installed packages, and removing packages.  It is 
written in sh (i.e., not bash) so that it can run on any linux system.  
If you modify it, please test it on the lightning target.

The package format is specified by the middleware group in a document entitled
"USB Mass-Storage Class Device Communication Specification."  It should be
available at:

http://emma.leapfrog.com/display/MDLWR/Specifications

This implementation is based on revision 0.09 of this document.  In addition to
all features in this document, lfpkg implements a simple extension (see below).

The locations of where packages go, and the type-to-directory mapping for
Lightning are specified by the content team in the following documents:

http://emma.leapfrog.com/download/attachments/9831297/Lightning+Folder+Structure+TDD.doc
http://emma.leapfrog.com/download/attachments/9831297/PC+App+Compliance+TDD.doc

Usage Details
--------------

If you don't need a tutorial on this stuff, just run "lfpkg -h" for usage in
brief.

A package is a zip file with the file extension ".lfp" that unzips to form a
single directory that is descriptive of the package.  For example, the package
"foo-1.2.3.lfp" can be unzipped to form a directory "foo" that contains the
files in the foo package.  One of these files is foo/meta.inf, whose format is
specified by the aforementioned document.  See the foo directory next to this
README for an example meta.inf file.

All packages are installed in a package base called the DEVICE_ROOT in the
parlance of the middleware team.  On the lightning target, DEVICE_ROOT defaults
to /Didj.  You can specify an alternative base using the -b option to lfpkg.

A package has a type that is specified in the meta.inf file.  Packages of a
certain type go in a certain subdirectory of DEVICE_ROOT.  The mapping between
type and subdirectory are specified by the content team and are hard-coded in
the lfpkg script.  See the script for details.  If you want to override the
type, you may do so by using the -d option to lfpkg.  If you supply the -d
option the package type is ignored and the package is installed in the specified
directory instead.

If a package contains a file named "postinstall," and the file begins with the
line "#!/bin/sh", it will be executed after the package is installed.  This is
an extension to the package format specified by middleware that is meant to
allow more complex per-package behavior.

[More to come.  See lfpkg -h for more detail]
